After comparing my final code to Mr. Padjen's code I came across the following conclusions:

1. Mr. Padjen's code is more short and to the point. There is a constructor on the initialize to make the coding easier, rather than repetition. Mr. Padjen's code also has multiple methods that are being called to this file and they make the code easier to read. In the Update and Draw methods, there is only one line of code that Mr. Padjen is calling from another file. I did not think of creating another file called universe to have both the background and the bodies in it. This made the code simpler and easier to understand. On the other hand, my code for the nbody simulation is far more complicated. I have a lot of the code going on straight in the simulation file. For example, I have each body moving or I have to draw the background and each body right in my simulation file. Like Mr. Padjen's code, I also open up the text file right in the simulation file. However, I do not make it something to input into a constructor, as I do not have any constructors. Unlike Mr. Padjen's code, I have the user inputting whatever simulation file they want to run, using a gets.chomp. I also make my array of planets right in my simulation code. Also, at the end of Mr. Padjen's code, there is a constructor for the NBodySimulation, which I did not think of doing. Overall, Mr. Padjen's code for running the simulation is shorter and easier to understand, but doesn't have the user inputting what simulation to run.

2. There are some similarities and differences between my Body code and Mr. Padjen's body code. Before the initialize method, Mr. Padjen states what G and DT are. Although I also have defined a G, it is in my initialize method, and I did not make a DT even though I should have because it is a number that I was using a lot. In Mr. Padjen's initialize method, there are a lot more objects being initialized and the text file is also being split there into different parts of the array. Although I also did this, I did it in my simulation file. Also, I do not have an update method, which contains some private methods, which I don't have either. Mr. Padjen's draw method is more short and to the point and I also don't do draw_rot, I just do draw. Both Mr. Padjen's code and my code have a method to reset the forces, but I should have named mine better to make it more clear on what is happening in that method. I have a separate method for the x and y forces and accelerations, whereas Mr. Padjen just has one method for all of it, which is more efficient. In the end, Mr. Padjen's code and my code for the bodies have the same general idea, but Mr. Padjen's code is far more efficient than mine.

3. There are plenty of advantages and disadvantages to having a separate universe class. I did not think of having a universe class, but I think it is a great idea. Things that I put in my simulation file, like drawing the background and the bodies are in this class. There is also an update method that contains some private methods that are the almost the same thing that I have in my update method in my simulation file, but I do not make them a method; I just write them in the update method. There is a constructor, so that when the universe method is being called, it will know what to do based on the simulation file. However, a disadvantage to having a separate universe class is that it gets a little bit confusing. The body class is being called by the universe class and the universe class is being called by the nbody simulation file. It gets a little bit confusing in this sense, but it is a great and efficient solution to the code.

4. Although there are some great things in both the codes, I prefer Mr. Padjen's approach. It is very efficient and there isn't a lot of code in any of the methods, because all the methods are calling each other. This may seem a little confusing, but after I traced each method back to its origin, it seemed very simple. I really liked the idea of a separate universe class, so that the simulation class doesn't have a lot of work to do and can just read what its supposed to do easily. Also, there were a lot of private methods that Mr. Padjen used that I didn't think of using. Also, Mr. Padjen used a lot of simpler methods to get what was required done in a lot fewer lines than I did. For example, when splitting the file with the blank spaces, I used a much longer method, when only a few words were required to split it and make it an array. I also had a lot more code than necessary, as I didn't create as many methods as I should have. However, in my body class, I created too many methods when only one was needed! However, one thing that I really like about my code is that I allow the user to input whatever simulation they want to run. Overall, though, I do prefer Mr. Padjen's more efficient approach to the code.

5. I think that one of my coding strengths is that I am very specific when it comes to the syntax of any coding language and I am very good at spotting where the syntax error might be. Although I do understand the logic to any code, I am very inefficient. For example, I originally started making a separate document for each individual planet, when I could have just made one class named body from the start. Another example of this is that when we were making the Tutnese code, I made one method for each individual letter, and although it worked, I could have just made one code for all of the letters. Overall, I learned a lot this semester about coding logic and now that I understand that, I need to learn to be more efficient.
